Add tutorials for additional Minio Gateway modes (#5692)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/asset-store/08-03-gateway-s3-mode-set-up.md

---
title: Set Minio to the AWS S3 Gateway mode
type: Tutorials
---

> >**CAUTION:** AWS S3 Gateway Mode was tested only manually on Kyma 1.6. Currently, we don't have an automated pipeline like for other gateway modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION:** AWS S3 Gateway mode was only tested manually on Kyma 1.6. Currently, there is no automated pipeline for it in Kyma.
```

## Prerequisites

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
- [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](https://aws.amazon.com) account

## Steps

You can set Minio to the AWS S3 Gateway mode both during and after Kyma installation. In both cases, you need to create and configure a access key for AWS account, apply a Secret and Config Map with an override onto a cluster or Minikube, and trigger the Kyma installation process. 

>**CAUTION:** Buckets created in Minio without using Bucket CRs are not recreated or migrated while switching to the Minio Gateway mode.

> >**CAUTION:** AWS S3 Gateway Mode is testes only manually.

Reviewer 2: Please move those cautions to top of each doc
and write openly that this instruction was tested manually against kyma 1.6 while others are regularly tested on pipelines. 

maybe we should link here to future ticket?

Author: @derberg take a look if it is OK now. Yes I can link, but first I need to create it 😃

### Create an AWS access key

Create an AWS access key for an IAM user. Follow these steps:

1. Access the [AWS Identity and Access Management console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/)

> 2. In the left navigation panel, choose **Users**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the left navigation panel, select **Users**.
```

> 3. Choose the user whose access keys you want to create, and then choose the **Security credentials** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose the user whose access keys you want to create, and select the **Security credentials** tab.
```

> 4. In the **Access keys** section, choose **Create access key**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Access keys** section, select **Create access key**.
```

> 5. Export the access key and secret key as an environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Export the access and secret keys as environment variables:
```

    ```bash
    export AWS_ACCESS_KEY={your-access-ID}
    export AWS_SECRET_KEY={your-secret-key}
    ```

### Configure Minio Gateway mode

> Export AWS S3 service endpoint (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#s3_region) as an environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export an AWS S3 service endpoint (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#s3_region) as an environment variable:
```
